Fix anchor links in Make example (#1209)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/make/make-casestudy.md

   ```

   The ``%`` symbol is used to create outputs for both sources of CSV files

>    with a single rule (see [Pattern 
>    Rules](./make-examples.html#make_pattern_rules)) and the rule uses
>    [automatic variables](./make-examples.html#make_automatic_var) to extract 
>    the input and output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   with a single rule in {ref}`rr-make-examples-patternrules` and the rule uses in {ref}`rr-make-examples-automaticvar` to extract the input and output
```
